update documentation for power automate (#814)
netwrix/docs: docs/directorymanager/11.1/admincenter/workflow/powerautomate/installproxy.md

---
title: "Install Reverse Proxy for Power Automate"
description: "Install Reverse Proxy for Power Automate"
sidebar_position: 10
---

# Power Automate Reverse Proxy — Installation Guide

## Overview

The **Power Automate Reverse Proxy** is a required component for the Netwrix Directory Manager (NDM)
integration with Microsoft Power Automate. When a Power Automate workflow needs to approve or deny a 
directory request, it calls back into your NDM environment to deliver the decision. 

> Because Power Automate runs in Microsoft's cloud, your NDM DataService must be reachable over the public internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Power Automate runs in Microsoft's cloud, NDM must be reachable from the public internet.
```
We don't want customers thinking DataService should be exposed to the internet.

Author: Agreed, updated

The reverse proxy is a lightweight service you install on your NDM server. 
It sits in front of the DataService and acts as a hardened entry point.

## Prerequisites

Before running the installer, ensure the following are in place:

| Requirement | Details |
|-------------|---------|
| Administrator access | The installer must be run as Administrator |

> | NDM DataService running | The proxy forwards to it; it must be reachable on the same machine or network |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| NDM DataService running | The proxy forwards to it; it must be reachable on the same machine |
```

The loopback only IP restriction on DataService prevents use on another machine or network.

Author: Updated

| NDM Security Token Service (STS) running | Used for internal authentication |
| SQL Server access | The installer registers the proxy in the NDM database. Windows Authentication is recommended; SQL login is also supported |
| A publicly trusted TLS certificate | See **TLS Certificate Requirements** |

> | An available public-facing port | A TCP port that is reachable from the internet and not used by another service |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| An available public-facing port | A TCP port that is reachable from the internet and not used by another service, including NDM e.g. 4443 |
```

Author: Updated

| Private key file (`--key-path`) | The RSA or EC private key corresponding to the certificate |

## Installation

### 1. Obtain the installer package

Extract the archive — it contains the proxy binaries and `Imanami.PowerAutomateProxy.Installer.exe`.

### 2. Run the installer

Open **PowerShell 7 as Administrator** on the target server and run:

```powershell
.\Imanami.PowerAutomateProxy.Installer.exe `
    --cert-path  "C:\certs\fullchain.pem" `
    --key-path   "C:\certs\privkey.pem" `
    --port       443 `
    --sql-server localhost
```

If Windows Authentication isn't available for the NDM database, add `--sql-user <login>` — the password will be prompted interactively.

#### All parameters

| Parameter | Required | Description |
|-----------|----------|-------------|
| `--cert-path` | Yes | Path to the full-chain PEM certificate file |
| `--key-path` | Yes | Path to the PEM private key file |
| `--port` | Yes | HTTPS port the proxy will listen on. Must be reachable from the internet |
| `--sql-server` | Yes | SQL Server hostname or instance (e.g. `localhost` or `SERVER\SQLEXPRESS`) |

> | `--zip-path` | No | Path to the proxy zip archive. Defaults to `PowerAutomateProxy.zip` next to the installer |

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Binaries are now bundles with the installer, no provided in a zip file

Author: Yeah, forget to remove. Removed

- Confirm the DNS record for your proxy hostname points to the server's public IP address.
- Test connectivity from an external machine: `Invoke-WebRequest https://<your-hostname>:<port>/health`

### Power Automate returns a TLS certificate error

- Confirm the certificate was issued by a publicly trusted CA (not an internal CA or self-signed).
- Confirm the certificate's hostname matches the DNS name Power Automate is calling.
- If using a CDN or reverse proxy in front (e.g. Cloudflare), ensure it is configured in **DNS-only** mode — proxied/orange-cloud mode changes the TLS certificate and breaks the trust chain.

### `Certificate chain validation failed` during installation

The installer validates the certificate chain before proceeding. Common causes:

- The PEM file contains only the leaf certificate, not the full chain — use the full-chain file (e.g. `fullchain.pem` from Let's Encrypt, not `cert.pem`).
- The certificate was issued by an internal or private CA. Power Automate will also reject it — a publicly trusted certificate is required.

### `STS token request failed: invalid_client` at runtime

> The proxy's `appsettings.json` has a missing or blank client ID. This typically happens when the proxy binaries were redeployed (e.g. during an upgrade) without re-running the installer. Always run `Imanami.PowerAutomateProxy.Installer.exe` after replacing the proxy zip — it updates `appsettings.json` in place.

Reviewer: Not sure what this is referring to, there is no proxy zip any more.

Author: This one is old. Removed this part

### IIS site fails to start (HTTP 503)

- Check the `DirectoryManager_PowerAutomateReverseProxy` application pool is started in IIS Manager.
- Check that the `logs\` directory under the publish path exists and the app pool identity has write access to it.

### STS or DataService URL auto-discovery failed

> The installer looks up the NDM service URLs from the database automatically. If your server hosts multiple NDM deployments or the URLs aren't registered, provide them explicitly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installer looks up the NDM service URLs from the database automatically. If your server hosts multiple NDM deployments or the URLs aren't registered, provide the URLs for the instances on the same machine as the proxy explicitly:
```

Author: Updated
